---
layout: post
title:  "My Brazil"
date:   2015-08-30 16:30:01
author: "Alissa Oliveira"
published: True
categories: []
tags: []
---
A lot has been said about my Brazil, lately. So I was prompted to write about the solution for our home. It is as if it were a message from our Helper and Counselor, The Holy Spirit, especially for the Brazilian Christians and pastors. If only I had easy access to all the pastors  in the country. 
I have been thinking quite a lot about our Brazil, mainly because by being abroad, I notice better the value of our people, nation and ground, and the scary-growing devaluation of our economy. 

One of my teachers in DTS, told us a fact that changed me! He was in Brazil, during the 90s when Fernando Henrique was the president. I do not remember well, but the country was just as “rotten” as it is now with PT. A young ywamer from the North of Brazil, heard him speak on intercession, so he decided to obey the Holy Spirit and launched an intercession movement around the nation. He made flyers and connected with partners to divulge the prayer movement in hundrends of churches in Brazil. Whoever was born before 1960 might remember that the result was a turnaround in a very short period of time, and the people started to get their quality of life increased.  This brave and obedient brother was the channel to awaken the Christians to pray for their own home! Our home! 

Before posting this text, I prayed asking God that He would move each person that read it to do more than just reading. Therefore, I want to encourage you to use the influence you have, either great or small, to take forward this spirit of prayer and intercession in this critical moment of our land. Not only denounce the truth about the filth and corruption of the politics, but emphasize the power of The Word of God to transform a nation. My word for you is this: spread the hope of seeing a changed country! Because, believe me, it is only possible through our Lord Jesus Christ! So, why not?

>"And David built there an altar to the LORD and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings. So the LORD responded to the plea for the land, and the plague was averted from Israel. " 2 Samuel 24:25
